Add debugging output section to TESTS.md and adjust formatting (#768)
exercism/bash: exercises/shared/.docs/tests.md

bats hello_world.bats
```

> If you need to print debug output while running tests locally, see [Debugging Locally](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/bash/debugging).

Reviewer: Use named links similar to `[tests]` on line 15

Author: I’ve updated everything you requested:

- Updated wording in `DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md` to use **STDOUT** and **STDERR**
- Changed “file descriptor 3” to “file descriptor (fd) 3” in `DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md`
- Removed the repeated online editor warning at the end of `DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md`
- Switched the shared doc link in `tests.md` to a named-link format (`[debugging]`), similar to `[tests]`

> If you need to print debug output while running tests locally, see [Debugging Locally](https://github.com/exercism/bash/blob/master/docs/DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to print debug output while running tests locally, see [Debugging Locally](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/bash/debugging).
```

Author: Done. I updated the shared tests doc link to point to the published Exercism page at https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/bash/debugging, and I also added DEBUGGING_LOCALLY.md to config.json so it gets published at /docs/tracks/bash/debugging. The local debugging guide, TESTS.md, and README.md are all aligned now. Please take another look.
